about your teacher is standing by
dot-com got three power
yes sir so you got three day
we're coming out we got played
we're going to put on top of this fight
and tell my boss about dollars he told
us that it was that they're gonna do it
this mark represents pay back to me.com
with all the information he wants
we're gonna find our fish
what you like a tuna
I don't want them is coming up we lying
out there it goes there he goes you're
taking off with the Battle we can't
afford to mess up and after everything
happened with dot com this fish could be
huge for us we've got a lot of both come
out of here a lot of guys been losing
his fishing their anchors all the boats
anchored so right now we're doing all
the court walk the dog here and try
walking out of this fleet him my dad is
doing a good job doing a good job man
what down down down down that boy you
got some common ground feels real hero i
was doing good right now if you just
walking like that you'll be fine i got
deep color here is right down and write
down to him
is shot
stop the bottoms up on over here
oh yeah well give up
going on guys up Scotty
we only got 12 about 190 4-inch bout ice
we should have more with some little
sneaky so thankful we got the fish we
did but the opportunity to strike was
hot and we definitely missed your chance
right i want to get up and check it out
absolutely been cool stood my fish guy
right looks good from up there got 361
pounds
you know I could definitely get you guys
20 oz about we've got 11 fish right now
and it's definitely neck-and-neck
competition's fierce not only pull a
couple bucks on this trip but tricky
Dave on the.com it's actually showed us
the first time is true colors
thank you bro after this betrayal I
can't trust the guy and you know what
its gonna change things in the future a
pound